Q: Provide an example of where the bear classification model might work poorly in production, due to structural or style differences in the training data.
A:
- Real world data differences. Training data does not represent reality. 

Q: Where do text models currently have a major deficiency?
A:
- Halissinations. When the language models are asked about question it hasnt been trained, it tries to fill in the blanks and guess the answer. 

Q: What are possible negative societal implications of text generation models?
A:
- Fake news. Spreading misinformation. Making up sources.
- Plagiarism and copyright issues.
- 

Q: In situations where a model might make mistakes, and those mistakes could be harmful, what is a good alternative to automating a process?
A:
- HITL: Incorporating human judgement and decision-makin into the automated process

Q: What kind of tabular data is deep learning particularly good at?
1. High-dimensional data
    - Genomic data with thousands of features
2. Sequentials or Time-Series data: 
    - financial transactons, sensor data or stock prices
3. Sparse data: user-item interactions in recommandaiton systems
4. Heterogenous data: mixed data types can be processed simultaniously using specialized layers

Q: What is `DataLoaders`?
A: 
- Data loaders are used for processing datasets.Here you can transform your data by augmenting it and normalizing it. 
    You can sample it, manage batches, shuffle it and split it into train, valid and test sets. 

Q: What four things do we need to tell fastai to create `DataLoaders`?
A:
- what kind of data
- how to get the data
- how to label the data
- how to split the data

Q: What does the `splitter` parameter to `DataBlock` do?
A:
- Independent of what splitter you choose, it splits the data into train, valid and test set

Q: How do we ensure a random split always gives the same validation set?
A.
- Fastai’s DataBlock ensures that a random split always gives the same validation set by using a seed for the random number generator. This seed ensures that the sequence of random numbers (and hence the splitting of data) is reproducible.

Q: What letters are often used to signify the independent and dependent variables?
A.
- dependent: "Y"
- independent: "x"

Q: What's the difference between the crop, pad, and squish resize approaches? When might you choose one over the others?
A:
- Methods used to standardize the size of images
    - crop:cutting out a portion of the image to fit the disered dimensions
    - pad: ads a border of specified pixels around the image to increase its size or aspects ratio without altering its original content.
    - squish (stretch and scale): reizes the entire image to the desired dimensions without cropping or padding but altersthe aspect ratio. 

Q: What is data augmentation? Why is it needed?
A:
- Data agumentation is used to increse the diversity of a dataset without collecting new data.
    These transformations include:
    1. rotation
    2. cropping
    3. scaling
    4. flipping
    5. adjusting brightness or contrast
- Why is it needed:
    1. Prevent overfitting: encourages the model to focus on underlying patterns isntead of memorizing the details of the training data
    2. Effective used of limited data: artificially expanding your dataset provides more training examples

Q: What is the difference between `item_tfms` and `batch_tfms`?
A:
- items_tfms: transforms each individal item before batching. its independently transformed
- batch_tfms: transformas an entire batch of data after it has been collected from individual items

Q: What is a confusion matrix?
A:
- A table used for visualizing the performance of the model.
- For example in classification to get an overview of the count of correctly and falsely predicted values, and what the falsely predicted values were classfied as. 

Q: What does `export` save?
A:
- It saves both the architecture, trained paramters and how the data loaders are defined.

Q: What is it called when we use a model for getting predictions, instead of training?
A:
-Inferens

Q: When might you want to use CPU for deployment? When might GPU be better?
A:
- Low model complexity --> reqquires low computational load
- When cost is an issue
- When power consumption is an issue

Q: What are the downsides of deploying your app to a server, instead of to a client (or edge) device such as a phone or PC?
A:
- latency --> delay in computation if the server is geographcly far away from the user
